Release Notes 8.4.0/1.4.0 (#22804)
foundryvtt/pf2e: CHANGELOG.md

## 8.4.0

### Highlights

> - (Ambrose, Dantar, Dogstarb, Maya, Tikael) Add Impossible Magic content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Ambrose, Dantar, Dogstarb, Maya, Rigo, Tikael) Add Impossible Magic content
```

- (Ambrose) Add Clockwork Mystery content
- (Ambrose) Add Things Go to Hell content
- (Rigo) Add Bastion of Blasphemies content

### System Improvements

> - (ChromaticPenguin) Convert `CompendiumMigrationStatus`, `LootNPCsPopup`, `MigrationSummary`, `NPCSkillsEditor`, `SpellPreparationConfiguration`, and `TrickMagicItemPopup` to `ApplicationV2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (ChromaticPenguin) Convert `AdjustmentDialog`, `CompendiumMigrationStatus`, `LootNPCsPopup`, `MigrationSummary`, `NPCSkillsEditor`, `SpellPreparationSheet`, and `TrickMagicItemPopup` to `ApplicationV2`
```
